I play what such people youtube and rick
joins that stress once we're
friends we are a new video that
surely have entered this video by
curiosity of what is the second channel
of the channel that I am uploading or
channel that I created the channel or not
well we already reduced it good friends this one
here as you see the name of how they
I'll say the channel is called gamer support or
is double because if the bears know
not with him but in double you know good
friends as you see here because I have hardly
created makes it will be about 20 minutes and
good friends this channel mainly
I created it for good I do not know if
comes to notice that in the channel of good
I'm doing the video right now
of and riki being ones there was very little
variety or I rise mainly by
minecraft and good friend and to this server
I say on this server I'm thinking about
minecraft in this channel good yo
we will go up more variety and good friends
I must also tell you that this server
he also did it mainly good
to go up the variety to go up if
once in a while some blogs or something and
when also to play with you
a few games
upload the here good as you see here all
I'm good friends this one is not going to go up
videos as they see who took her any
video uploaded days because when friends
mainly not going to upload videos
until you have at least 15
Real friends subscribers because
good if we start everything as bentos
that is, we started being youtube
which nobody sees it or is it but for
what is uploading videos like this with friends
already when we have about 15 subscribers
and start uploading videos and good friends
Well, if you want to see me doing it
blogs oo playing with you today
going up more good variety friends
this subscribe this channel I will leave
in the very important description that I know
that in the description and good friends
well this would be all this to finally
would go up variety like beaches clans hide
there is this good battle the bat the end
but the modern combat on 5 the
picture whoever is and good friends for
boom side and well you know all those
guys friends now yes I say goodbye I hope
that you liked the video and good
friends do not forget to subscribe to this
channel chicken gamer or the same if it has
liked has the channel that I am
going up
01 is also very important I'm not going to
leave the channel of ricky 001 but that
Well, I'm going to create another, the other is not
I'll leave it good because it has cost me
a lot of effort to do so with friends
now I say goodbye and see you from the
next goodbye